a true man of money per vehicle in
Ferrari Sterling was lifted a matter
with our inference suitable definitely a
shoe he hates men it was a very odd
the telugu denotes winter stemmermann
hey buildin en Ferrari Triana lotta need
some containers Gianni book God's grace
you real van dyck the her til Ferrari
forbidden Americans more fans many ocean
controls are very in Bora 40w Donna
senator forty whore Modena fabric until
vodka vodka Rama Filner you deferred
sure a sort of order zoomed into
horrible thing that Aeschylus lift uh so
have a look at the engine and used to
fired it up twelve years ago you say I
feared don't twelve years ago they're
always a little bit difficult result but
it started relatively easily so now it's
been twelve years now
yes you've got a battery this one looks
more awful than this these parts looks
pretty good but what's the story they
are in there well this hit tree I see
man scooter cannot tell what they are
it's very common on some bits Lewis
bizarre corner man now or do you object
my collection of cars is my retirement
fund but it's not worth much until I
finish doing this I have to go now staff
as I'm retired from earlier this year
things are starting to move
storing it there I've assured as in
ma'am multilateral op in Monaco or party
averse and vigilant beautiful summer
whose event of a better filter warranty
the opposite and a thermistor dance an
eternity cool it's funny it's the first
right hand to drive ferrari I've ever
seen but it's extremely British there
but you're not the first owner obviously
then no I'm the second donor
you're the second Ola yeah it's the
rubber that's the first thing you need
to change when you buy it there's a few
other things to change
charming thing is that you know still
got protection plastic on it although
with other parts are quite exposed so
when you walk out the door every morning
and look at that you figure out next
year it does a yes I'm afraid to learn
has been next year next year Marin
holding the alt 53 gonna North garage ox
a full table is this an object manner in
yet the Riddler Ferrari in scalably fill
the Louisville our mascara fix animal a
first or office door on fastest for the
hair protected from eternal she will get
on it smell a hooker the big one here
didn't see any big ones your lambdas
quite a big car oh you got a loss and
lambda yeah
Lancer lambda Ian of the mist machine
ear under the drafts of known CBeebies
first me as more the cocoa Verona Europe
hanging up that we cannot euro Jorge
lives in the u.s and I moved to report
or shift not for sure and also the tank
and avenido man your Buddha Festo's
honored rotary remember Ian the her Ian
France Psalms on from Natasha get some
air own 12 short from Scotland till
Riviera the Nick Finland Tagore man
someone with Richter Saucony moisture
something went ping color have a finger
mal sollux
to go Sarah the he president some saw
ping this list inlet invented lift arm
Oh lubricant let's just push it hard
yo yo Buddha on a 3.4 billion linndrum
oh man Ferraris lived army of the Lubar
after both message clear definite Rhonda
shoe gear back you saw mama tonight on
Intel's pit TV hot Aventadors it hasn't
been you know one of the ordinary just
to drive days with without show but
we've had a great great deal of fun and
a pleasure to meet you okay vendor Ali
Torah instead of the Sahara Desert
four areas the gently and millennia por
el mundo para para el the old Eagle
maven artisans Menon's militant audits
of the your third Lord is an honor
you